[Doc] Upgrade Install Requirement (#1179)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/install/env-setup.rst

Install Dependencies
.....................

> Users should install PyTorch v2.3.0 and DGL v2.3.0 that is the core dependency of GraphStorm using the following commands. For users who wants to try out previous DGL version, please refer to [install GraphStorm with DGL 1.1.3](https://graphstorm.readthedocs.io/en/v0.4/install/env-setup.html#install-graphstorm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users should install PyTorch v2.3.0 and DGL v2.3.0 that is the core dependency of GraphStorm using the following commands. For users who have to use the previous DGL versions, please refer to [install GraphStorm with DGL 1.1.3](https://graphstorm.readthedocs.io/en/v0.4/install/env-setup.html#install-graphstorm)
```
